right now the human worker does a
$50,000 worth of work in the factory
that income tax if the robot comes in to
do the same thing you think that we
taxed the robot at a similar level but
the world wants is to take this
opportunity to make all the goods and
services we have today and free up labor
let us do a better job of reaching out
to the elderly having smaller class size
helping kids with special means and all
of those are things where human empathy
and understanding are still very very
unique and we still deal with an immense
shortage of people to help out there and
so if you can take the labor that used
to do that thing automation replaces in
both financially and training wise and
fulfillment why have that person go off
and do these other things your net ahead
but you can't just give up that income
tax because that's part of how you've
been funding that level of human workers
some of it can come on the profits that
are generated by a labor saving
efficiency there some of it can come
directly in some type of robot tax I
don't think the robot companies are
going to be outraged that might be
attacked
it's okay